### **04 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Cameron, John (Provide Update in RC)

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov04**: will be off Friday and Monday; team is busy with Nov17/18 Info Session,  Ray: what’s new design for all to take a look; SBC Retro for Name Request Release, will benefit other application release; SBC Meeting, Firm filing + PPR setup agenda with entities team and asset team   |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov04**: closed 9678 has finished; busy with 9950, 9949,9971  all due today. Beside normal OCM work, another task is monitor email/box;  add YTB link under 9678  |   
| **Mags** |**Nov04**: Will be on vacation, Maribeth and Trish will cover;  New date for Sanbox? Will communicate later a new date(9555); Move 9552; 9862; 9553 to done; will review 9879; follow-up with Kaine/Melissa for API Sandbox communication    |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov04**:  9208 under review, Trish will be reviewing this? New VD deadline most probably in Dec, will follow-up with Linda; will be working on 7072 , 8955   |   
| **John** | **Nov04**: Transferred the email to non-ministry users to Zac who sent it around for review yesterday (9879). Worked with BCOL Admin to plan the invite flow for non-ministry accounts. This unblocked planning for Nov18 session. Note that some screens will not be final for those users on the 18th so demo will include some non-live portions based on UX pins. Question for Suzanne - are all BN Hub OCM tickets on the board and are there any in which I have an upcoming deliverable? |   
| **Suanne** | **Nov04**: Trish suggested to breakdown 9896 into several tickets, one ticket for each task    |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov04**: Working on 9775 OCM - PPR Go Live - Info Note , has forward to Carole for reivew   |   
| **Zac** | **Nov04**:working on 9879, which is under review    |   
| **Cameron** |**Nov04**: NA   |   
| **Kaine** | **Nov04**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Almost done, will double check all exceptions: Add Deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 

**Decisions: -** 

-  

---

### **02 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; 

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov02**: Working on email for ministry account; Life after lib from Carole, and under review google form(two more info session: ministry and non-ministry user); Planning work/resources we need across each of the project (on going); Q: External stakeholder, find a place to share? Suzanne will share a link;   |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov02**: Set 17 18th two info session, and setup form;  Finalizing 20, 27th sessions’ actions: send response (i.e asking recording); Some duplicated tickets need to be closed; Suzanne Q: A list of ministry account internal/external? We have a DL. Ministry and non-ministry account we have a list (link); From Maribeth: some Onestop tickets for Suzanne, need to review by Suzanne  |   
| **Mags** |**Nov02**: BCOL user communication, training plan for Business Registry Initiative; Set up a meeting next week; APl task Kaine is asking Thor for input, will follow-up. Q: Final approve for follow-up info session after Carole’s first initial approval.  Olisa suggested OCM team can decide/ collectively decision   |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov02**: 9208 Voluntary Dissolution(VD) Impact assessment under review; Assign tickets to other teams. Tickets duplicated with Suzanne’s tickets, will use Suzanne’s ticket; Pull new task VD into In Progress  |   
| **John** | **Nov02**: transfer 9879 to Zac, working on 8955 and two impacts session; then more focus on info sessions.|   
| **Suanne** | **Nov02**: Women entrepreneur session yesterday, small biz & community future,  later Camber few come weeks later;  Finance partner info session awareness; ICBC handle themselves, we will provide the date   |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov02**: Met policy team for PPR yesterday, it’s on track; Working on 9775; Engagement meeting went well  |   
| **Zac** | **Nov02**: will discuss with John and take over non-ministry staff communication   |   
| **Cameron** |**Nov02**: Together with Sienna and John, review impact yesterday Nov1st   |   
| **Kaine** | **Nov02**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Add Deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Considering for OCM metrics: 
  - Short term: Fib/Velocity; # of tickets we finished during two weeks, more?
  - Long term: user adoption, more?
  - Others: # of info session we provided, # of training session we provided , more?
  
- Try one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
  - If current assignee has finished his/her part, can add a comment on the ticket and tag to the person who will take next action (**maybe there are also some exceptions here??**)
- Decision is not needed -> Create OCM Ticket Template, and including deadline and other mandate part in the template. While **recommendation is to add dependencies and/or links of design, or output/result in ticket description**
- On the OCM Board: will Ping high priority if this ticket is preferred to be the next pick/working task from team

**Decisions: -** 

-  

---
### **28 Oct 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Suzanne

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Oct28**: Working on awareness campaign Ticket and Update board; 9524 will redefine this ticket and move to backlog |  
| **Maribeth** | **Oct28**: Tasks from Sienna 9678 , put video on YouTube is in progress; 9758 and 9208 is in progress, 4 tickets ready to start |   
| **Mags** |**Oct28**:Hold Info session  yesterday;  FAQ plan for all projects – create another epic 9862; API Communication with Kaine, Auth and payment; POST API communication, will talk with Trish 9838 |   
| **Sienna** |**Oct28**: Knowledge base handover with Maribeth, will be working on VD(Voluntary Dissolution);  7072 is blocking? No Will work together with Suzanne ;All voluntary Dissolution tickets are ready to start  |   
| **John** | **Oct28**: working on Campaign tickets; 8955: DL Nov1st, all will meet next Monday with others; 6966 is done; 7413 is closed ; 9675 Ready to start.|   
| **Suanne** | **Oct28**: NA Material for present, Monday meeting future meeting (9790) – reuse the same slide deck (Follow-up with Suzanne)  |   
| **Olisa** | **Oct28**: Finial draft instruction, meeting on Monday, package will go with communication; Will assign tickets if applicable; Happy to review and approval tickets; Follow-up with Suzanne to review the content, send email to Suzanne |   
| **Zac** | **Oct28**: Tag assessment talk with home team, establish connection, try to unde stand future status, will discuss on Monday |   
| **Cameron** |**Oct28**: Cameron: Knowledge base is missing / update the doc; working on 8955, also working on assessment this morning  |   
| **Kaine** | **Oct28**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Almost Done: Refine ZH Tickets on OCM Board, to add description and DL
- Create OCM Ticket Template, and including deadline and other mandate part in the template

**Decisions: -** 

- 

---
### **26 Oct 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine;

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Oct26**: Ministry Gov account, Maribeth to have info session scheduled today; partner info session/awareness to transfer to new system; Tech ticket to manage access to product. Ready to start with high priority can be pulled to “In Progress”|  
| **Maribeth** | **Oct26**:: Refine google form, send message to GovAccount; info session with Gov user; Working together with Suanne for OneStop; Reorg ZH tickets |   
| **Mags** | **Oct26**:: Working with Cynthia for OIC package; will talk with Trish for internal stakeholder for PPR; Question about ticket granular level (will discuss in grooming/planning); working on 9555 and 9758, for google form/link will work together with Suanne; 9736 will talk with Kaine|   
| **Sienna** | **Oct26**:: Will move some “In Progress ” tasks to other team members, will talk with Maribeth, Training session is top priority, also working on voluntary dissolution |   
| **John** | **Oct26**:: 6966 for review; FAQ is a good idea. Ready for next session, will communicate with Mags and Maribeth. Will be working on 7413 and 9675.|   
| **Suanne** | **Oct26**:: The rest cannot on-board, maybe have another info session later, 100 user/20 ministry users; Send partner group email; ICBC internal users (1700 internal users); have issue with ZH account; preparing presentation for next week influencer communication sessions: (Women biz and small biz ); also work on CMS tasks, finish names’ form  |   
| **Olisa** | **Oct26**:: 9704 has sent email yesterday, setup account; PPR is next task, will get Subject Matter Expert to join; 9776 will coming this week (Still in New Issue Pipeline); another related ticket 9775 |   
| **Zac** | **Oct26**: New BA for Relationships team, will join OCM gradually |   
| **Cameron** | **Oct26**: Work with Dashy DA team, and work with Thor to setup workshop, can help with GH/ZH user ID, Track all info; will review/approve tickets with in approve pipeline |   
| **Kaine** | **Oct26**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Refine ZH Tickets on OCM Board
- Fix GH handle for Maribeth and Sienna, Suanne

**Decisions: -** 



---
### **21 Oct 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Olisa; Suanne; Kaine; John (sent update on RC)

**Notes:-**

- “Ready to Start” tickets are ready for team to pull “In Progress” 

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Oct21**: Pull all tickets to ZH; Prioritized tickets in different pipeline. “Ready to Start” tickets are ready for team to pull “In Progress”;  Team setup on GH, will tag tickets to team for awareness ; Invite Linda to join OneStop meetings (Olisa will setup), and other stakeholders meeting. Will add John, Jyoti, W Camron in this meeting (Ticket#9702)|  
| **Maribeth** | **Oct21**: send invite for Nov27th meeting; will have Dry-run meeting with David next Tuesday; Move tickets to ZH|   
| **Mags** | **Oct21**: help with 27th session, ask Jyoti for recording; PPR communication; API communication|   
| **Sienna** | **Oct21**: Move Video ticket to done, will send training material for review; 300 audiences will join;  will transfer part of work to Maribeth (From Trish); Current priority is voluntary dissolution for Nov16th or week after|   
| **John** | **Oct21**: I'll be working on the email for 6966. I will check in via email with BCOL Admin for 7413 (touchpoint yesterday was cancelled due to absences on their side).|   
| **Suanne** | **Oct21**: NA  |   
| **Olisa** | **Oct21**: NA |   
| **Kaine** | **Oct21**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Refine ZH Tickets on OCM Board
- Invite PO to join stakeholders meeting
- Fix GH handle for Maribeth and Sienna
- Jinghua to change Retro time

**Decisions: -** 



---
### **Oct18 2021: Stand-up Summary**

**Absentees:-**

None

**Notes:-**

- Sienna: SBC Training Video, will send for review; Prepare for SBC training; TBD Impact Assessment

- John:  Engagement session presentation;  Verify identity, service card flow; BC ID flow to demo; general intro about mobile card

- Suanne: Coordinate general stakeholders, set meeting with legal/gov; registry party meeting; move to ZH; to see what tools they have, any opportunities and speciality from general stakeholders

- Maribeth: Prepare for tomorrow’s engagement session (300 join tomorrow, and next 27 sessions); PI Planning move to ZH; Wills users have monthly session

- Mags: help cross team; meet Kaine to get ready for PPR go-live

- Olisa: PPR Draft communication plan; prepare OIC package; ZH Space/Private repo for staff)

- Trish: BC chamber; small Biz, women Biz; home team conversation

- Kaine: PO should join meetings related with BC chamber, small biz and women biz

**Action Items: -**

- Refine ZH Tickets on OCM Board

- Jinghua to change Retro time

**Decisions: -** 


**Coming Vacation/Absence: -** 
- Mags: November 12-19
- Kaine: December 3-17
